Project: Night_Rider

Group Member Names:
    Manoj Panata, Angi Colling
Project Expectations: What does each group member hope to get out of this project?
    Pairing side reinforcing our DTR, Defining what style of pairing works for each of us. Reverse engineering project timeline and time management. Code we expect to enhance algorithmic logic, syntax TDD improvement, creating that test actively to reach the end goal.

Goals and expectations:
Goals
    We expect to have a completed project by 3/28/18.
    Aim to write quality tests/code

Expectations
    Every group member must participate
    Have an open communication channel
    Be respectful of each others time

Team strengths:
    Angi - Organization, time management, pseudo-coding `
    Manoj -Pseudo-coding, white boarding, syntax

How to overcome obstacles:
    Just being honest and open about how each team member feels.

Schedule Expectations (When are we available to work together and individually?):
    Can work during project time.
    Can work remotely on evenings
    Can work weekends
Communication Expectations (How and often will we communicate? How do we keep lines of communication open?):
    Check in on a daily basis before starting to work on the project as a team. Talk about goals that will be set for that day.
    Slack will be the main source of communication.

Abilities Expectations (Technical strengths and areas for desired improvement):
    Angi- Improvement areas: syntax, TDD
    Manoj- Improvement areas: connecting processes

Workload Expectations (What features do we each want to work on?):
    Will collaborate on each part of the section together. If an individual updates tests, will update their partner prior to merging.



Workflow Expectations (Git workflow/Tools/Code Review/Reviewing Pull Requests):
    Each group member is expected to make commits every 30 minutes when working on their own. Otherwise when working as a group we are all responsible for making sure we commit every 1 hour

Expectations for giving and receiving feedback:
    Honesty and straightforwardness
